Cinematics prototype

Non-interactive cinematic: Your prototype should contain a visually-rich prototype for at least one non-interactive scene. This might be one showing a logo for your imaginary game studio, introducing your game's main setting and/or characters, or even presenting the game's downloading progress in a visually enticing way. This scene should have, at minimum a descernable beginning, middle, and end. For example, the beginning might fade in a logo, the middle might add a visual sparkle and play an iconic sound effect, and the end might fade the logo out.
Interactive cinematic: Your prototype should contain a visually-rich prototype for at least one interactive scene. This might be your game's main title or menu screen (with buttons to select), or maybe a scene that introduces the main character by having them walk onto the screen (leaving the player in control of the character at the end). The scene should feel visually alive even when the player is not touching it, and it should feel responsive when they do touch it. Perhaps visual elements slide in only when needed, fade in incrementally to build up to a complex result, or are dynamically tinted in ways that provide the user with feedback on their actions (e.g. the button is darkened when the user has pressed it down but not released it yet).
Choreography in code: The source code implementing at least one of your cinematics must be based on tween chains, timelines, or chained event callbacks, or your engine's equivalent of these Phaser features (rather than many separate animations that were hand-timed to match one another). Although you are encouraged to explore using dedicated cinematic authoring tools (e.g. Adobe Premier or Blender), at least one of your cinematics must be build from hand-typed textual code.1+ object motion animation: (1) Polygon structure interactive in the start screen
